Clarify use of enum in union types (#737)
raml-org/raml-spec: versions/raml-10/raml-10.md

types:
   HomeAnimal: [ HasHome | IsOnFarm ,  Dog | Cat | Parrot ]
```

> If a union type contains a facet with an `enum`, every value of that `enum` MUST meet all restrictions associated with at least one of the super types. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a union type contains a facet with an `enum`, every value of that `enum` must meet all the restrictions associated with at least one of the super types:
```

> This is valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates a valid expression:
```

```

> type: number | boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`type: number | boolean`
```

> enum: [1, true, 2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enum: [1, true, 2]`
```

```

> This is invalid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates an invalid expression:
```

```

> type: number | boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`type: number | boolean`
```

Author: the 3 backticks above are meant to format the whole block below it as if each line were surrounded with single backticks so these are not needed.

> enum: [1, true, 2, "hello"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`enum: [1, true, 2, "hello"]`
```

Author: ditto

```

> Recall that types in this case can be built-in data types, such as number or boolean, but also custom user-defined types such as unions or complex types with multiple properties. Imagine a more complex example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that types, in this case, can be built-in data types, such as numbers or boolean, or can be custom user-defined types, such as unions or complex types with multiple properties. Imagine a more complex example:
```

> 

Reviewer: Add the whole example in a code tag, like this:
[source,text,linenums]
----
Add the full example here.
----

Author: Not sure to understand. Is the example below not that?

Reviewer 2: There was a misunderstanding. The [source, text, linenums] is not needed in Markdown here. That relates to a convention of our Asciidoc format.
